Obama Meets Netanyahu
the relationship between Obama and Netanyahu is not very friendly .
the two wanted to talk about the implementation of the international agreement and about Tehran 's destabilizing actions in the Middle East .
at the meeting , however , it should also be about the conflict with the Palestinians and the joint two-state solution .
the relationship between Obama and Netanyahu is tense for years .
Washington criticises the continuing construction of Israel and rejects Netanyahu 's lack of will in the peace process .
through the Obama deal about Iran 's nuclear program , the relationship of the two has deteriorated further .
in March , at the invitation of the Republicans , Netanyahu had a controversial speech before the US Congress , partly viewed as an affront to Obama .
the speech was not discussed with Obama , a meeting that was rejected with reference to the forthcoming election in Israel .
in an emergency call , professor admitted that she had shot his girlfriend
in an emergency call , Professor Shannon Lamb told the police that he shot his girlfriend and that he would have to come to his house .
lamb was it important to emphasise that his `` sweet dog '' is still alive and probably excited , and he said that the family contacts of the dead woman could be found on the mobile phone .
within the house , officials found the corpses of Amy Prentiss and a handwritten note that was glued to a white block : `` I am so sorry , I could do it , I loved Amy and she is the only woman who ever loved me , '' and he was signed by Lamb .
there was no evidence that lamb , taught in two online courses for the Delta State University in Cleveland , Mississippi , had already traveled 300 miles to school , where , according to the police , he shot and killed a popular history professor , Ethan Schmidt .
Delta State University police chief Lynn Buford said that university employees have heard the shooting at 10 : 18 .
he said that lamb made the fateful emergency call at some point in the day .
until the end of the day there was another death : lamb took the life when the police caught him .
a day after the shooting at the university , which forced students and lecturers to hide behind closed doors , the authorities are still trying to get an image of what lamb motivated .
the details published by the investigators at both ends of the state , as well as students and staff who knew him , helped to draw a picture of a talented but potentially difficult teacher .
students said that they were happy with his teaching .
the police in Gautier , where Prentiss died , said that he had no history of violence or a criminal history .
Schmidt himself had mentioned Lamb in a book written by him , in which he mentioned the `` wonderful people '' with whom he shared his academic life .
both were taught in the Department for Social Sciences and History , whose faculty includes 17 members , and many students attended courses of both .
at the same time , there have been some tendencies towards problematic behaviors .
a student , Brandon beavers who praised the Lamb , said he seemed a little excited and nervous , `` as if something was wrong with him . ''
another student , Mikel Sykes , said that lamb told him that he had stress at the end of the academic year 2014-15 .
lamb previously asked the Delta State University for health reasons and said that he had any health problem .
this year , he taught only two online courses .
recent changes in the university 's employment policy meant that the promotion , for which lamb had worked so hard , would not give him any guarantee of an automatic path to a job as an assistant professor .
university President William LaForge said that he did not know about a conflict between lamb and Schmidt , but `` of course , there was something in Mr Lambs . ''
these are questions that lamb will no longer be able to answer .
after the flight from the campus , the police later found Lambs , when he went back to Mississippi from Arkansas .
before he was able to be arrested , Lamb killed himself with a .38 caliber gun in the backyard of a house in the backyard of a house on the outskirts of Greenville , Mississippi , said Washington County Coroner methel Johnson .
his car was still in the entrance .
it was not immediately clear why lamb went to this House , but Johnson said that she believed he knew the people who lived there .
lamb grew in the area .
lamb began its work at the university in 2009 , which has 3,500 students in a city of about 12,000 inhabitants , and taught geography and pedagogy .
he holds a doctorate in pedagogy in the spring .
one of the longstanding friends of Lambs described him as intelligent , charismatic and funny .
Carla Hairston said she was 15 and lamb was 20 when she met with joint friends .
she and her friends were in the High School , and he was the cool older guy who tried to play the guitar game some years .
at that time , he was the hotbed of women .
all girls melted away when he was there , said Hairston , now 40 and in the Jackson Vorstadt of Brandon resident .
lamb and prentiss obviously had some time together .
in the emergency call , Lamb said `` I killed my wife , '' but there was no certificate of marriage .
they had a dog called lightning , who lived with them in the brick house bordering on a Bayou in Gautier .
the police said that the dog was in order .
the ex-husband of Prentiss , Shawn O 'Steen , said that they were divorced 15 years ago , but friends were left and had a daughter who was now 19 years old .
`` She was totally destroyed by the ground , '' O 'Steen said about his daughter .
she and her mother were absolutely best friends .
O 'Steen said that he had never met lamb , but through his daughter Abigail he heard that lamb was interested in music and played blues .
lamb met Prentiss when he and Abigail appeared on a summer market three years ago .
later they played one or more gig together .
O 'Steen said that his daughter was writing and singing her own music .
Prentiss was a nurse who worked online for several companies .
Mike Shaffer , a barkeeper and sometimes entertainment coordinator at The Julep Room , a weakly lit bar near Gautier , said that he saw Lamb and Prentiss Night in the night 5 September .
there was no evidence that anything was wrong .
he said `` just a happy couple , '' he said .
we were at the reception and shook each other .
I think they had a good sense of joke .
Schmidt , the dead professor , directed the first semester seminar program and specialized in American native and colonial history , said Don Allan Mitchell , an English professor at school .
he was married and had three small children , and he had three small children .
he studied at Emporia State University in Kansas and was president of his brotherhood and the student committee .
on the Delta State Campus in Cleveland , about 900 people , including faculty , staff , students , and members of the community , participated in a candlelight celebration on Tuesday night .
Schmidt 's wife Liz and his brother , Jeff Schmidt , also participated in the memorial , while the university sang `` Bright Morning Star '' and `` amazing Grace . ''
the lessons will be resumed on Wednesday .
`` We are trying to encourage our students to return , '' said LaForge .
the crisis is over .
this represents a day of healing .
Amy and Rogelio Solis reported from Cleveland , Mississippi .
Associated Press authors Emily Wagster Pettus in Greenville , Mississippi , and Rebecca Santana in New Orleans contributed to this report .
this story has been corrected to reflect that the police are now saying that lamb made the emergency call after he had shot Schmidt , and that lamb in his emergency call may have called Prentiss as his wife , but there is no evidence that the two have ever been married .
toys R Us plans to stop less labor for Christmas time
toys R Us says that there will not be so many Santa Claus employees as they did last year , but the toy and baby product dealer says that he will give the current employees and seasonal workers a chance to work for more hours .
the company said that it plans to hire 40,000 people in stores and distribution centers all over the country .
most jobs will be part-time jobs .
the company said that it will start this month with application calls and the number of employees rises between October and December .
while the holidays themselves are still months away , the Christmas business is approaching , and companies are preparing to hire temporary workers in order to provide shops with employees who sell , send and deliver products .
Michael J. Fox shouts about his `` date '' with Princess Diana
the premiere of `` Back to the Future '' was a great moment for Michael J. Fox .
it was also remarkable for personal reasons .
`` We were sitting in the theatre waiting for the royalty , and I realize that the seat is next to me , and I will gradually realize that Princess Diana is next to me , '' he said in a trailer for an upcoming documentary `` Back in Time . ''
the film begins , and it seems to me that I am a simulated mover and an arch length from which to be with the Princess of Wales at a date .
`` Back in Time , '' a documentary about `` Back to the Future , '' presents interviews with Fox , Lea Thompson and Christopher Lloyd , as well as director Robert Zemeckis and the producer Steven Spielberg .
`` Back for the Future '' was a premiere 30 years ago .
`` It is for me really , '' said Spielberg , `` the biggest time film that has ever been shot . ''
`` Back in Time '' will be available on VOD , DVD and in selected cinemas in October .
UN leader says that there is no military solution in Syria
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says his response to Russia 's increased military support for Syria is : `` There is no military solution '' of the almost five years of conflict , and more weapons will only worsen violence and misery for millions of people .
the UN leader is once again calling on all the parties , including the divided UN Security Council , to unite and to support inclusive negotiations to find a political solution .
ban said at a press conference on Wednesday that he plans to meet the foreign ministers of the five permanent member nations of the Council - USA , Russia , China , the UK , and France - at the margins of the General Assembly of the General Assembly this month to discuss the situation in Syria .
he regretted that the divisions in the Council and within the Syrian people and the regional powers `` make this situation insolvable . ''
ban asked the five permanent members to show the same solidarity and unity that they have shown in reaching a nuclear deal with Iran in dealing with the crisis in Syria .
8 poll numbers which show that Donald trump is serious .
some have tried to brand him as a flop .
he has dismissed him as a joke .
and some are waiting for collapse .
but , as some Republicans are trying to pull Donald trump from the top ranks at polls , it has not worked .
ten of the last eleven national surveys showed Donald trump in double-digit terms , and some begin to ask seriously what it means for the chances of nominating the real estate mogul .
of course , it is too early in the parliamentary term .
no one claims that trump is likely to win the Republican nomination .
experts stress that at this time in 2011 , Rick Perrys was led to the rising Herman Cain , of which none of them even won a state in the nomination process .
and there are many reasons why he would have to fight in a general election .
but outsiders such as Jeb Bush Super PAC and the conservative Business Group Club for Growth now recognize trump 's stamina , and begin to let their dollars go to topple it .
here are some recent polls which indicate that the real estate Mogul is not just a temporary phase :
trump 's popularity values have turned to 180 degrees .
shortly before Donald trump announced his candidacy in mid-June , a Monmouth-University poll showed that only two out of ten Republicans saw the real estate Mogul .
it had 40 percent by mid-July .
at the beginning of August it was 52 percent .
now , six out of 10 Republicans have a positive view of Donald trump .
about three out of ten say that they have a negative opinion .
and these figures continue in early states .
a Quinnipiac vote in Iowa found last week that 60 % of Republicans had a good opinion of trump .
Two-thirds of the GOP voters GOP would be happy with trump as candidates .
in a poll of CNN / ORC last week , 67 % of Republicans said that they were either `` enthusiastic '' or `` satisfied , '' if trump was nominated .
only two from 10 say that they would be `` angry '' if he were the candidate .
only Ben Carson creates roughly the same enthusiasm as trump -LRB- 43 % say they were `` enthusiastic '' vs. 40 percent , who say the same about trump -RRB- .
the next in terms of enthusiasm ?
Marco Rubio with only 21 % .
on the other hand , 47 % of Republican voters say that they were `` dissatisfied '' or `` angry '' if Jeb Bush , the favorite of the establishment , would the candidate .
a majority of Republicans do not see trump 's temperament as a problem .
while Donald trump is widely criticized for his bombastic and insulting statements , 52 % of Irish voters believe that real estate Mogul has the right temperament for a president , said ABC News / Washington Post on Monday .
the same number applies in the first pre-election state of the nation , the state of Iowa , where the same 52 % of the Republicans think that he has the personality of a commander-in-chief , according to Quinnipiac last week .
nevertheless , 44 percent think that he does not have the personality to effectively execute his office , and almost six of 10 independents say that his temperament does not go to the White House , said ABC / Post .
Republican voters get used to the idea .
when they put up their notes , Republican voters hold trump in real terms .
when they are asked who is most likely to win the GOP nomination , according to a poll of CNN / ORC from last week , four out of ten say that trump is the best bet .
this is a change since the time when four from 10 to the end of July put their money on Jeb Bush .
full disclosure : GOP-voters did not have the clearest crystal ball in the past .
at that time in the last cycle , four of ten Republicans thought that Rick Perry would win the nomination to only 28 % for the final candidate Mitt Romney .
nevertheless , a large number of GOP voters regard trump 's campaign as plausible .
even if the Republicans collected a different candidate , trump beats almost everyone .
some experts point out that the fragmented field is likely to contribute to trump 's leadership , while anti-trust support is spread to more than a dozen other candidates .
but a survey by the Monmouth University in early September shows that in a hypothetical head-to-head race between trump and most other Republican candidates , trump gets majority support .
he has 13 points before Carly Fiorina , before Marco Rubio 14 points , before Walker 15 points , before Jeb Bush , 19 points and finally on Rand Paul , John Kasich and Chris Christie 33 points .
it is a head-to-head race with Ted Cruz .
the only candidate who beats him ?
Ben Carson would overtake the entrepreneur with 19 points in a hypothetical head-to-head race .
a narrow majority of Donald trump fans say that they have formed their minds .
a new poll of CBS / NYT on Tuesday shows that only a little more than half of the voters who support trump say that they have given their votes .
of course , much can be done to change that , and no one can really say that we will never change the opinion .
46 % said that they leave the door open to change to other candidates .
yet trump 's strongest competitors at the moment of the other outsiders , the neurochirurg Ben Carson , but voters who say that they have formed their opinions are twice as common for trump .
six out of 10 Republicans say that they agree with trump on immigration .
since Donald trump described immigrants from Mexico `` rapists '' two months ago , immigration was a pivotal point in public discourse in 2016 .
some are worried that the bombastic expression of trump will keep critical Hispano-Americans out of the Republican Party and damage reorientation efforts .
but after the new ABC / post poll on Monday , six of 10 Republicans say that they coincide with trump in matters of immigration .
so , as long as immigration remains in the spotlight , Donald trump will apparently do so .
frustration over the government falls on new highs .
Donald trump and Ben Carson now account for about half the support of Republican voters , especially through their outsider status .
six out of 10 Republicans say in the new Monday poll of ABC / Post , they prefer to have a political outsider than someone with government experience .
and they are also angry at Washington .
a survey by Des Moines Register / Bloomberg in Iowa two weeks ago shows that three of four Irish Republicans are frustrated by the Republicans in Congress , with 54 percent of `` dissatisfied '' and 21 per cent `` angry . ''
Munich , Sylt and Co. : the five most exclusive residential areas in Germany
here you will find the most expensive residential area , with views over the North Sea .
in the street , a square meter of a holiday house costs 73,300 euros .
`` On Sylt , the supply of objects is , of course , limited , '' that is , the study - hence the high price .
a new study shows which special locations cost a square meter most .
of course , 18.70 Euro per square meter for a Studentenbude in Munich are not really little .
in contrast to Germany 's top living space , the price is the same as peanuts .
the property provider Engel & Völkers has published a ranking of the most exclusive German residential locations - with square metre prices in staggering heights .
there are several tens of thousands of euros per square metre , of course .
but well , who can afford ...
by the way : Munich is not at the top here .
champions League : Bayern-Tspace-start thanks to Müller and Götze
two horses in Piraeus : Bayern-Star star Thomas Müller simply has a run .
a lucky hit by Thomas Müller gave the FC Bayern the way to a deserved 3 : 0 in the case of Olympiakos Piraeus - then ran out .
a sovereign prelude to the Champions League 's season .
the World Champion Thomas Müller and Mario Götze have given the FC Bayern a dream start in the `` mission of Milan . ''
the crew of trainer Pep Guardiola won a game in the Champions League at the Greek record champion Olympiakos in a hot atmosphere , thanks to Müller 's double pack -LRB- 52nd / 90 . + 2 -RRB- and Götzes hits -LRB- 89. -RRB- earned with 3 : 0 -LRB- 0 : 0 -RRB- .
the 12th success in series is to be the first step towards the final on May 28 , 2016 in Italy , where Guardiola finally wants to bring the Henkelpott to Munich in the third round .
at his 28th hit in the Champions League for Bayern-leadership , Müller received good support from the Olympic goalkeeper Roberto , who made a shot of the World Championship as a flank .
`` We will not underestimate them , '' Bayern-captain Philipp paralym in front of the game in the Karaiskakis stadium in front of 31.688 hottest fans - and the Munich held the floor .
they showed a concentrated and dedicated idea , without shining .
Piraeus won his last six home games in the premier class , including renowned clubs such as Manchester United , Atlético Madrid and Juventus Turin .
Borussia Dortmund stumbled in 2011 -LRB- 1 : 3 -RRB- .
but the Bavarians , in seven Europe duels with Greek teams , did not want to be the next victim .
they went brave , but in their offensive efforts they were often too resourceful .
the attacks have been initiated too often via the relocation of the left wing , Douglas Costa , who has seldom come to grips with the former Braunschweig Omar Elabdellaoui .
from the right , Müller had more luck when his flank struck from the right half-field in the left at the left .
in the 67th minute , the World Champion issued the possible 2 : 0 .
the best opportunities in half had Robert Lewandowski .
first , as Olympic striker Ideye Brown the headball of the Poland beat of the line -LRB- 26 -RRB- .
then , by telephone , the goalkeeper Roberto parked with the knee -LRB- 35th -RRB- .
although the Bavarians were playing their favourite game , Piraeus was able to put a needle on it .
on Torguard Manuel New , however , he was allowed to leave .
for example , when he drew a shot of Ideye via the bar -LRB- 56th -RRB- .
before New , Guardiola had a four-legged stand with David Alaba in the center next to Jerome Boateng , who made it good .
Mario Götze , back to musculary problems back in the kite , sat outside .
the World Cup hero gave the green light only after the final training , said sports director Matthias Sammer at `` Sky '' : `` Who wants to do something else , that 's already malicious . ''
even at the first change , Guardiola decided against him when he brought Kingsley Coman to the defeated farm -LRB- 59th -RRB- .
Götze came late for Arturo Vidal -LRB- 76th -RRB- and made everything clear 13 minutes later .
before the match it was a tie in the stadium .
after a smaller group of partly interminable Bavarian fans seemed to have provoked the supporters of hosts Piraeus with words and gestures , the security forces attacked and attacked the Munich supporters .
at least a Bayer plane was carried away from the stadium .
whoever smokes has a higher risk of losing teeth
people who smoke harm not only the lungs , but also the teeth - which suggests a long-term Potsdam study .
the good news : if there is no risk , the risk falls quickly .
smokers have a much higher risk of losing their teeth early .
this results from the long-term study of an international research team , including several employees of the German Institute for Food Research -LRB- DIFE -RRB- in Potsdam .
compared to non-smokers , the risk of losing your teeth by 2.5 to 3.5 seconds was higher for smokers .
the scientists had observed more than 23.300 participants .
the main causes of tooth failure are caries and inflammation of the gum , emphasizes the DIfE .
for these Parodontitis , smoking is a risk factor , the authors emphasize it .
the link between smoking and the loss of teeth therefore results in more frequent gum infections in smokers .
it is not clear whether smoking also increases the risk of caries .
people who listened to smoking could reduce their risk in a short period of time , writing the researchers in the `` Journal of dental Research . ''
however , it could take more than ten years to return to the level of non-smokers , declared Dr. Thomas Dietrich of the English University of Birmingham .
it is necessary to persuade people to become non-smokers , declared head of study of Heiner Boeing from the DIfE : `` smoking shortens the lifetime . ''
not to smoke is good for lungs and vessels and , according to our findings , also results in good dental health up to the high age .
in Germany , more than 20 % of the population in the age of 65 to 74 years are affected by toothlessness , the DIfE said .
previous studies have already highlighted the fact that smoking increases the risk of early teeth .
the new long-term study reinforces the findings .
archaeologists meet on the banks of the Rhine on remains of Late antiquity .
for the umpteenth time , archaeological finds have been made on the right bank of the Rhine in Cologne .
near the building site for the new Rhine boulevard , archaeologists of the Roman-Germanic Museum have excavated skeletons and remains of historic buildings , said museum leader Marcus Trier on Tuesday .
since the beginning of the construction works on the Rhine , historians have been searching for so-called ground monuments .
for all construction projects in the Cologne city district , the museum is always attracted as a specialist office for archaeological floor care .
in the third part of the Rhine Valley , the archaeologists now found themselves .
it has already been known from text documents that , in the fourth century , there was a fortress and , in the 8th century , a church , explained Trier .
in addition to the remains of the fortress and the church tower , a cemetery with about 350 graves probably belonged to the church .
young woman from freight register
after a young woman at the railway station in Geilenkirchen , the Federal Police is asking the public to help .
on the early morning at 1.40 p.m. , the woman from the station building crossed the track at the end of the railway line and was captured by a freight train that came from Mönchengladbach .
by collecting the train , it has borne the most serious injuries , according to the federal police .
she was treated as a doctor on the spot and brought to a hospital by rescue workers .
on the basis of the nocturnal crossing of the young woman , no evidence is available to the officials who have been employed .
the incident may have been observed by witnesses or residents have heard acoustic perceptions .
local residents or passers-by by Linderner Bahn , brick bakery , Thomashofstraße and Leiffarther Straße -LRB- L364 -RRB- .
indications about the cause of the accident can be provided under 24 hours a free hotline of the Federal Police under phone 0800 / 6888000 or any other police service .
the European Commission is proposing a new court in dispute over TTIP
in order to defuse the dispute over the planned transatlantic free trade agreement , the European Commission has proposed a comprehensive reform of the current arbitration system .
the controversial private arbitration bodies for disputes between corporations and states should therefore be replaced by a more transparent system that , in its operation , corresponds to much more traditional courts .
`` We want to set up a system that the citizens will trust , '' said the competent EU Commissioner Cecilia Malmström at the presentation .
the Swede decided to introduce the proposal as a European negotiating position in the free trade negotiations with the USA .
the German Government announced support .
through TTIP , the largest free trade area in the world is to emerge with 800 million people .
the plans for reforming the current arbitration process mean that the EU countries and the United States jointly choose independent judges for a new investment court .
they are supposed to come from the EU , the United States and third countries .
for the first time , a second instance is in place .
it would allow us to make an appeal against judgments .
so far , the participants in the proceedings have agreed to each other , and there was no possibility of a claim against their judgments .
in the discussion of the past few months , it became clear that citizens did not trust the old ISDS system in terms of fairness and justice , commented Malmström .